Why don't you like it?
No, no.
I don't know.
There are many women who like me
But I always thought I belonged to my country
Belonging to the battlefield
But until I see you
I found that I could still belong to a woman
Come closer to me
No, I'll just sit here
You know.
I don't like people who are against me
I'm not against you
I just haven't thought it through yet.
Think about it. I adore you.
I also wanted to be with you
But what
I'm not ready yet.
What mental preparation do you need?
What's going on here?
The Dragon Emperor confessed to me
Will you marry me
Why don't I agree?
I heard there are many pictures of me in your bedroom
Yes, the security guard also said
You still have to tell me not to travel this
Why do you say everything?
i